README.md, before:

# Baller cli
### ⚠️ This is in testing phase still, dont expect to work if you stumble on to this

Quickly create standardized branch and PR with JIRA metadata on using only ticket number.

Install:
```
brew tap whoop-t/baller-cli
brew install baller-cli
```



Setup:
 - Create `.ballercliconfig` in your HOME dir (~)
 - [Get JIRA access token ](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens)
 - Add JIRA email and token to `.ballercliconfig` as follows(just top 2 lines):

```
 email=fart@baller.tv
 token=xxxxxxxxx
 ```
 - Install gh cli(previously hub) with `brew install gh`
 - auth your gh cli with `gh auth login` ([for help](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login))

How to use:

`baller -h` for all commands

Currently, main purpose is for one line branch and pr creation

In terminal, at location of baller repo

`baller -t 1111` <-- where 1111 is ticket number in JIRA

This will run commands to auto create branch and create PR with metadata from JIRA to populate title and summary.

### ⚠️ Currently only creates branch based off testflight, will add options later

Commit message:

Main: Add base_branch and prefix options, update README

README.md, after:

# Baller cli
### ⚠️ This is in testing phase still, may have issues

Quickly create standardized branch and PR with JIRA metadata on using ticket number.

Install:
```
brew tap whoop-t/baller-cli
brew install baller-cli
```



Setup:
 - Create `.ballercliconfig` in your HOME dir (~)
 - [Get JIRA access token ](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens)
 - Add JIRA email and token to `.ballercliconfig` as follows(just top 2 lines):

```
 email=fart@baller.tv
 token=xxxxxxxxx
 ```
 - Install gh cli(previously hub) with `brew install gh`
 - auth your gh cli with `gh auth login` ([for help](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login))

How to use:

`baller -h` for all commands

In terminal, at location of baller repo

Ticket number only(rest defaults):

`baller -t 1111` <-- where 1111 is ticket number in JIRA

Specify base branch:

`baller -t 1111 -b BBS-9999`

Specify prefix(2nd argument):

`baller -t 1111 -b BBS-9999 bugs` <-- (BUGS and BBS are 2 current prefixes in JIRA)

This will run commands to auto create branch and create PR with metadata from JIRA to populate title and summary.
